README.md, before:

![Mastodon](https://i.imgur.com/NhZc40l.png)
========

[![Build Status](https://img.shields.io/circleci/project/github/comm-network/mastodon.svg)][circleci]
[![Code Climate](https://img.shields.io/codeclimate/maintainability/comm-network/mastodon)][code_climate]

[circleci]: https://circleci.com/gh/comm-network/mastodon
[code_climate]: https://codeclimate.com/github/comm-network/mastodon

This repository contains a modified version of Mastodon running on [comm.network](https://comm.network).

Modifications include (incomplete list):
- Raised limits for post length, image dimensions, etc.
- Custom themes
- UI tweaks
    - round profile pictures
    - action buttons hidden to prevent accidental clicks
- options to lower the notification sound volume
- Markdown/HTML support in posts
- Prometheus metrics
    - Reachable at `http://localhost:9394/metrics` (see [config options](https://github.com/discourse/prometheus_exporter#exporter-process-configuration))
- ... and more

## About

Mastodon is a **free, open-source social network server** based on ActivityPub. Follow friends and discover new ones. Publish anything you want: links, pictures, text, video. All servers of Mastodon are interoperable as a federated network, i.e. users on one server can seamlessly communicate with users from another one. This includes non-Mastodon software that also implements ActivityPub!

Click below to **learn more** in a video:

[![Screenshot](https://blog.joinmastodon.org/2018/06/why-activitypub-is-the-future/ezgif-2-60f1b00403.gif)][youtube_demo]

[youtube_demo]: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IPSbNdBmWKE

## Contributing

Mastodon is **free, open source software** licensed under **AGPLv3**.

You can open issues for bugs you've found or features you think are missing. You can also submit pull requests to this repository, or submit translations using Crowdin. To get started, take a look at [CONTRIBUTING.md](CONTRIBUTING.md). If your contributions are accepted into Mastodon, you can request to be paid through [our OpenCollective](https://opencollective.com/mastodon).

**IRC channel**: #mastodon on irc.freenode.net

## License

Copyright (C) 2016-2020 Eugen Rochko & other Mastodon contributors (see [AUTHORS.md](AUTHORS.md))

This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the terms of the GNU Affero General Public License as published by the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or (at your option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the GNU Affero General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU Affero General Public License along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.

Commit message:

add hint about service file to readme

README.md, after:

![Mastodon](https://i.imgur.com/NhZc40l.png)
========

[![Build Status](https://img.shields.io/circleci/project/github/comm-network/mastodon.svg)][circleci]
[![Code Climate](https://img.shields.io/codeclimate/maintainability/comm-network/mastodon)][code_climate]

[circleci]: https://circleci.com/gh/comm-network/mastodon
[code_climate]: https://codeclimate.com/github/comm-network/mastodon

This repository contains a modified version of Mastodon running on [comm.network](https://comm.network).

Modifications include (incomplete list):
- Raised limits for post length, image dimensions, etc.
- Custom themes
- UI tweaks
    - round profile pictures
    - action buttons hidden to prevent accidental clicks
- options to lower the notification sound volume
- Markdown/HTML support in posts
- Prometheus metrics
    - Reachable at `http://localhost:9394/metrics` (see [config options](https://github.com/discourse/prometheus_exporter#exporter-process-configuration))
    - Runs as `mastodon-metrics` when following the systemd setup (see [service file](dist/mastodon-metrics.service))
- ... and more

## About

Mastodon is a **free, open-source social network server** based on ActivityPub. Follow friends and discover new ones. Publish anything you want: links, pictures, text, video. All servers of Mastodon are interoperable as a federated network, i.e. users on one server can seamlessly communicate with users from another one. This includes non-Mastodon software that also implements ActivityPub!

Click below to **learn more** in a video:

[![Screenshot](https://blog.joinmastodon.org/2018/06/why-activitypub-is-the-future/ezgif-2-60f1b00403.gif)][youtube_demo]

[youtube_demo]: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IPSbNdBmWKE

## Contributing

Mastodon is **free, open source software** licensed under **AGPLv3**.

You can open issues for bugs you've found or features you think are missing. You can also submit pull requests to this repository, or submit translations using Crowdin. To get started, take a look at [CONTRIBUTING.md](CONTRIBUTING.md). If your contributions are accepted into Mastodon, you can request to be paid through [our OpenCollective](https://opencollective.com/mastodon).

**IRC channel**: #mastodon on irc.freenode.net

## License

Copyright (C) 2016-2020 Eugen Rochko & other Mastodon contributors (see [AUTHORS.md](AUTHORS.md))

This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the terms of the GNU Affero General Public License as published by the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or (at your option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the GNU Affero General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU Affero General Public License along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.
